doc(relay): List full path of all Event pii-fields (#6730)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/scrubbing/server-side-scrubbing/index.mdx

</Note>

> Only a select fields are scrubbed, you can find a list of the fields to be scrubbed [here](/data-management-settings/event-pii-fields/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a select number of fields are scrubbed. You can find a list of the fields that will be scrubed in [Event PII Fields](/data-management-settings/event-pii-fields/).
```
